[Produced by J Dilla credited as The Ummah]
[Hook: Phife Dawg]
Now you caught my heart for the evening
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things
Should I just sit out or come harder?
Help me find my way
[Verse 1: Q-Tip]
Messing me up, my whole head
Teasing me, just like Tisha did Martin
Now look at what you're starting
Schoolboy's crush and it ain't on the hush
The whole world sees it but you can't (uh)
My peoples they complain, sit and rave and rant (come on)
Your name is out my mouth like an ancient chant (say what?)
Got me like a dog as I pause and pant
*heavy breathing*
[Verse 2: Phife Dawg]
Speaking of which
Got a leash and I wish just to rock you miss (C'mon)
Make a militant move, peep my strategy (What?)
End of the day you're not mad at me (Ugh)
Not dealing with nobody, now that's what you told me (What?)
I said, "Hey yo, it's cool, we can just be friendly" (C'mon)
'Cause yo, picture me messing it up
Her mind not corrupt, with the ill C-cups
Shit, I'm on my J.O. (C'mon)
Bullshitting, hoping that the day goes slow (what?)
Got me like a friend, what confuses me though
Is kisses when we breeze, tell me what's the deal, yo?
(Deal yo, yo, yo...)[Hook: Phife Dawg]
Now you caught my heart for the evening
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things
Should I just sit out or come harder?
Help me find my way (ha-ha!)
Now you caught my heart for the evening
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things (come on)
Should I just sit out or come harder? (huh?)
Help me find my way
[Verse 3: Q-Tip]
Now why you wanna go and do that, love, huh?
Making things for me towards you harder
Killing me, just when I think we're there
You douse the whole vibe and the flows in the air
Telling me 'bout next man
But next man ain't the nigga with the plan
Who got your heart in mind?
It's about time that you just unwind (C'mon)
[Verse 4: Phife Dawg]
And let it just happen, make it front-free (uh)
Just sweat me like Moneypenny (uh)
Digging you, getting inside of your stee (what?)
It's the Quest cat keeping you company (ha)
Forever, or however you want it[Verse 5: Q-Tip]
Word, word
Now wait a minute, ma, before you jet into the curb (Yeah, yeah)
Start to make affections, which is good not the herb
But it, it ain't me, and I, I ain't blurred (Ugh)
I'ma still just chill with you
Maybe things could change if you change your view (C'mon)
If not, then, I guess it is cool (Yeah)
Just keep to yourself and abide by the rules, right
[Bridge: Q-Tip]
Like that y'all
Check it out now...
Check it out now...
Like that now...
Check it out now...
Wha wha now...
Check it out now...
Yeah yeah now...
Check it out now...
Check it out now...
It's like that now...
Check it out now...
Yeah yeah now...
Check it out now... (Ahem)
What you say, what? what?[Hook: Q-Tip]
Now you caught my heart for the evening (Talk it out)
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things (Take your time)
Should I just sit out or come harder?
Help me find my way (Now sing it)
Now you caught my heart for the evening (Sing it out)
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things (Take your time)
Should I just sit out or come harder?
Help me find my way
 (Now talk it out)
Now you caught my heart for the evening (Sing it out again, haha)
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things (Come on, come on)
Should I just sit out or come harder? (Uh)
Help me find my way (Now talk it out right now)
Now you caught my heart for the evening (Come on, come on)
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things (What?)
Should I just sit out or come harder? (What?)
Help me find my way (Come on)