[Intro]
Stay back, stay back, stay back, stay back, stay back, stay back
For what? For what? For what? For what? For what? For what?
[Verse 1]
Got someone to cover me, I work the late shift
Drive through Georgia, nineteen hours on vacation
I ain't never left the state, man, I've been waitin'
And that pretty boy still hit me up on strange occasions (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
[Chorus]
We was kids and we was younger (Was younger)
I stop to wonder (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
I'm naive, but I remember
Rain drop December (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
I've been wondering if you'd call me (If you'd call me)
Move like tsunamis (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
Now we're strangers in this lobby (In this lobby)
Like kamikaze (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
[Verse 2]
I ain't really know you was frеaky though
Ass round like Cheerios
And you got a lil' Vimeo
What's the password? You just frozе
Don't you got enough material?
Say you gotta go, vámonos
And I told you just leave me alone (Leave me alone)
Yeah, I told you just leave me alone[Refrain]
Yeah, it really don't feel good, does it? 
Pop shuv it
You don't ever say, "My bad," you nothing, you nothing
Told me that I wasn't worth shit, you buggin', you buggin'
If you wasn't so selfish, you love it, you love it
[Verse 3]
I'm still driving all alone, it's automatic
My eyes are tired, I'm drivin' slow, no sign of traffic
I pull over, go to sleep, listen to classics (Hmm, hmm, hmm)
Think of you, and you and me, 'cause I'm an addict (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
[Chorus]
We was kids and we was younger
I stop to wonder (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
I'm naive, but I remember
Rain drop December (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
I've been wondering if you'd call me
Move like tsunamis (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
Now we're strangers in this lobby
Like kamikaze (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
[Post-Chorus]
Fuck you, boy
I'ma leave this state and never come back
I'ma never come back to you ever again
(Oh woah, oh woah, oh woah, oh)
(Oh woah, oh woah, oh woah, oh)
(Remember when you let me down)[Refrain]
Yeah, it really don't feel good, does it? Pop shuv it
You don't ever say my bad, you nothing, you nothing
Told me that I wasn't worth shit, you buggin', you buggin'
If you wasn't so selfish, you love it, you love it
[Outro]
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Woo-woo, woo-woo, woo-woo, woo-woo, woo-woo