[Verse 1]
Old things have passed away
I am a new bein'
Nothing remains the same
Startin’ over again
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
[Refrain]
Can you imagine
After all that you've been through, that there's still so much more?
You can’t even fathom
'Cause it's looking like the end, but you're just getting started
Dusting off the past
Healing from the pain and [the breaking?] in the ashes
'Cause nothing's ever wasted, it's true
[Chorus]
He makes all things new (Woo!)
He makes all things new
You say, "He makes all things new" (Yeah)
He makes all things new (Yeah)
[Verse 2]
So glad He changed my name (Ooh)
I'll never be the same (Ooh)
Since Jesus came my way (Ooh)
It’s been a brand new day (Ooh)[Refrain]
I’m never going back
I'm done with the world, you can-you can-you can have it
And everything that come with it
The stress and the worry, man, go ahead, you can run with it
I’d rather be a doorkeeper
I'd rather serve the Lord's people
I surrender from my old ways to You
[Chorus]
And You made me new, ooh!
You say, "He makes all things new" (Hey!)
He makes all things new (Yeah, yeah)
He makes all things new (Hey, woo, come on)
He makes all things new (Woo, and I'm glad about it)
He makes all things new (Hey, woo, so glad about it)
He makes all things new (Doesn’t matter what it looks like, hey!)
He makes all things new (He gon' make everything right)
He makes all things new (Woo!)
[Bridge]
Everything's different now (Yeah!)
You make the difference now (Woo!)
Livin' free, no longer bound
He makes all things new (Woo!)
Nothing remains the same (Woo!)
You came and changed the game (Yeah!)
Living to live again (Hey)
He makes all things new
(Everything's different now) Everything's different now
(You make the difference now) You make the difference now
(Livin' free, no longer bound) Livin' free, no longer bound
He makes all things new (Hey)
(Nothing remains the same) Nothing remains the same
(You came and changed the game) You came and changed the game
(I'm living to live again) Living to live again
He makes all things new (Woo!)